what's up everyone misses volunteer PAX
Prime and I'm with mark the CEO founder
of fire fall how's it going man it's
going great Kelly Wow well I'm really
impressed with your boots it's very blue
can you tell us what you guys are
bringing new to pax prime well here
we're showing a lot of our new eSports
features so we've got an awesome sort of
spectator mode that is built for shout
casters you'll get to be able to control
a lot of the game place cameras where
you want them and it's probably the best
shout caster mode that we have for any
FPS out there so we're really excited
about that and that's something that a
lot of games are actually lacking in
eSports is a whole spectate able mode
forecasters so can you tell me what you
guys are looking forward to most though
like here at pax I hear there's a whole
new founder's pack what's with that all
about that's the big thing is that we
are live for pack sales telling founders
packs for the game they're twenty-five
percent off kick off sale for the whole
packs weekend even online you don't have
to be at the show but if you're at the
show you get the merch pet unlock when
you buy a founders back here and there
and we're selling out where we're going
to be out today of the highest tier card
so we're going to think about a plan B
for tomorrow so we can still get more
founders packs out there now there I
there was a tournament at Gamescom how
did that go for you guys big success
online there as well oh it was
spectacular I mean we we worked with ESL
on that we had on the big screen we're
using the new spectator mode and it went
really really well and when I was a that
was a ten thousand euro prize cash pool
but next year we're doing a 1 million
dollar prize cash pool so that's did you
see my eyes they kind of I got a little
bigger yeah 1 million dollars so we take
eSports really really seriously we
fine-tuned a lot of the game the
hitboxes that the animations all that
stuff and the way that the guns and the
abilities work to really exhibit the
skill stealing that you can do if you're
a professional player and that's
something that we've all been looking
forward to as a pro player we always
need something that's leveling the game
making it very competitive and
as well so I'm really impressed here
with firefall those Tom you got any
questions for mark yeah I just want to
know why you guys went more eSports than
you know any of the other games that are
out i noticed that you guys have
roulette on your team who's an awesome
former frag doll I don't know if she
still is with the frag dolls but she did
an amazing video for you guys and I want
to know who else you have on your team
that is you know why eSports why did you
guys get involve eSports well you know
we really just thought it was time for
the gamer to get some of the highlight
instead of the focus being on the games
now the focus is really shifting towards
where gamers doing with these games and
eSports is probably the highest form
skill that you see in gaming and we'd
love to celebrate that we think it's
good for the game it gets people excited
about the game gets more people watching
the game and and that's good for
business and it's good for the gamer I
fully agree because when you see a game
real when you see a new game that comes
out especially a shooting game and you
see someone playing you're like wow that
guy really sucks i don't think he's ever
played before so now that you watch
firefall it seems like almost everyone
that's playing is like a pro and i love
how you guys are catering to the esports
community like that what can we expect
for you guys in the next couple years
you guys plan on making it to MLG any
other tournaments are you going to go
strictly with what you guys have gone
now at events are you planning on
getting involved with all the
tournaments well like I said we've got
the million-dollar pool for set aside
for next year we're gonna use the
eSports bus we created this gigantic 20c
thing it's got a built-in television
studio built in server cluster supports
up to 3,000 players so this is a problem
with these words on server based games
it's like you can't get the bandwidth to
get up you know to a server so we bring
the servers to you so this bus is going
to go around and we're looking at
different partnership opportunities you
know and we'll see what happens wow I'm
extremely impressed eSports baby and
firefall thanks so much man loving the
booths loving it rich and Rob back to
you guys
you